Why?
Do you know why Master Doan kidnapped the feather?
So you know what?
Is Master Doan the one who turned you into a sea?
Of course.
That is the purpose of Trieu family giving to Cuu family.
It was to let the Ninth Family help destroy the Tham Family.
Han Thanh except after Tham family
Will submit to rescue
But we had a little accident on the way.
So he took the opportunity to kidnap the feather.
People who talk like Trieu Thien Hung
Do you really want to go back to spring?
The ninth master has agreed.
This time you go.
Probably Long Duong tiger den.
Thanks Ms. Ton for reminding.
But I can't let
Mary faced this Trieu family alone.
ready to eat
Then we meet we will be enemies.
The mountain has been bandaged, so I'll go first.
Impossible.
Sister Sun Nam, where is brother Xu?
Gone.
Mary, what are you doing here?